Nicchi
no
saha him all here clog hand on
the album cheese dargaud killie
today we find ourselves all
just for tutorial number 3 on
the year best test skyrim armor
of phase i for warriors we need
know for guys there's a sword and
we just have the shield in addition
that in addition to the normal armor the
shield that is really different from
first two tutorial simply
so I did not have time to look
the damage of my sword is to
around 56 if I remember 56
so to simply but there I am
spent pickpocking m surpassing
legendary to be able to hand over
some points some places and of
what we remind you to be able to
make this armor format the enchantment
simply put to enchant two
times of course fire enchantment too
why have better
enchantment of fire on your weapon and
after simply having the armor of
drac is the best weapon of the game in
legendary so for that you have to be master
forging me I ironed myself
legendary forging so now
I am more m anyway
and so we start right away
see the young spiritual magistrate with
a sublime soul and so we go
will put the soft fire damage that
thirty to thirty points that I like
even numbers and they make
health what will you pay 1 20
point of 200 every time I attack
so that's good enough if you have more
of life that is rare with when you
will have the full armor for you
remove from the city ​​really need to be there
go deep but in any case that's good
what are the feet of the warrior and after
so we attack the conduct of the course at
start with the nuuk the device
I had a little hesitation so it was
a lot a little easier anyway
increased so the damage so to a hand
to increase from 50 to the spike
at about 150 6
remember well and so we have a lot of
stuff to increase my name does not have
really actually
but I 'm going to put the resistance
magic is really the most important
magic resistance health reinforcement
frankly we do not care a bit
if we have the magic res here is lady gaga
weapons do not do a lot of damage to
the act and dragons after with their when
their cries of fire that hurt but good
Resi magic normally takes in
count the dragons so here I
recommends 20% resident's magic
weapon damage and so I call that
the warrior's ring simply
like the two pros the two previous ones
tutorial where I called that the thief mage the
warrior scene after we will do everything
simply the necklaces so is going
raise the army again a hand
good if you use two-handed weapons
hands you increase 1 to tomorrow months
for me it is paca and we will increase
in addition the magic resistance the
magic resistance between increased three
only once to not go up
100% it will be a bit of shit and
montpellier up to 60% what is already
not bad
and so here is the same for the ring the
health is a bit nil do not increase
the damage to a low hand on more one
already done and more normally we are on
will say operational announcement
maybe the barade yeah we're going rather
increase the parade need to increase when
even the parade not this curly budget
I use my shield a lot for
everything that is arrow you are unique
increased rather the parry instead of
m
tears to one hand of this are their
grannies hand can be done on other
thing the gloves of the is so the horse
is all a bit irrelevant in any
what meaning
so this time we increase tears to
a hand again and so here we go
increase so we look so had
just not a lot of stuff we
see you lie the word if he will do
we get to 80% to attack them one
hand and 80% for the parry which is
more than enough
after you can see there are some
reinforcements of heavy weapons of which 100 are
flexible what am I going to be soon
master in armor the water so at this moment
there the reinforcements in heavy armor
we do not care a bit after we'll do
so this time the armor there is everything
simply in armor we will do
who look at clapas weapons at a marl
we do not care they say we are
we're going to be healthy
and vigor or health cure absolutize
so healing to take care
simply
so here you have been able to see when
I was thieves had done health video
if we did not have much choice
the young troop think I'm going to do
Health Healing Health Strength I hesitate
just good I think I'm going
rather make health force one more of
force the healing anyway I have a
magic that is increasing quite rapidly so
so that's the armor of the warrior who
increases
the vigor does not you have
noticed i think like atari there and i
commented after filming I'm
remember the device I visited so
it's really to show that you have to
just especially that I passed
master and more after doing after
to have just sing all my
equipment I went m so that's it
so strong healing in fact we're going
use the healing center instead
that the life of just keyboards
excuse me you have force of way when
you are master in armor india referred
almost more vigor to run and
afterwards for attacks
frankly the powerful attacks you
do not need that to be able to do
very very badly
so there we increase again so
the attacked humans and this way one
increases the vigor of the vigor and
increase on the boots and not on
the armor in any case here it is we
will learn the warrior's boots
is going to enchant is so after he misses
so the shield and the helmet we're going
start with the helmet is so for the
headphones in mode simply put the big
gas which has
we see that the almost nothing the case it is
really no one will say to ski
can simply put reinforcement of
healing I think and I do not know anymore what
that I had put yes to the
faster magic regeneration
just to increase my magic if
when I use the healing boom of
what healings -50%
if I remember well at least 75 so
here I could use some kind of
healing much more easily and
longer if I have more healthy life
what happens rarely
so there yes I quoted on my appetite
had made the necklace or the ring is in
anyway there so we will end for
the shield so logically increase
the parade is a shield and we will
look at what will first increase the
magic then the part to health oms
do not increase health one day
widely
and then I resist I resist better to the
magic and more really need a lot
of health simply here we are
complete alarm for warrior so
stay a little tutorial to have the
best skyrim armor for a
warrior and so you 'll see at this
moment there so the automatic backup
so it's been five months
a screen bug and that's why it comes back
so at this grade if I have all my
tour warrior equipment so I'm there
go all you can already see there the
darmian value of 675 which is the maximum
and here we have the shield on the sword
you will see the numbers simply
normally I show is effective I am
remember you will see that the
workforce
here are the keys 150 we went from 152 to
159 can see that we almost tripled
damage so it's really huge
now I see a shot the leaf at
the hmr I'm thomas dyck where could
you are now cost management that's
really huge
that's the magic resistance 60% for
to make sickness instances is by
relation to this werewolf dog by
report to the healing rega so I
have only two ran 50% less
for healing which is pretty cool
and the one hand makes it one
the damage of a thin increased
only 3 is 120% of what
buy at 50 I went to 150 which
is largely at the mercy of the
videotape makes rotate and approach
now